---
layout: default.html
date: November 12th 2013
time: 6:00 - 7:30 pm
location: The IMT Group 4445 Corporate Dr  West Des Moines, IA 50266
---

### Intro Topic * Is your Grunt file maintainable?

This lightning talk will present the way that Grunt files used to be written and show a couple of Node modules (load-grunt-config and load-grunt-tasks) that allow your Gruntfile to be minimal. This is the JavaScript (or CoffeeScript) of the future.

[Brandon Williams](https://twitter.com/williamsb86) is a web developer with a passion for TDD. He enjoys writing Python, CoffeeScript, and improving his Vim foo

### Advanced Topic * Writing my first non-trivial single page app

Anyone can hype their favorite javascript framework but what happens when you need to build something bigger than a todo app? I decided to find out for myself a few months back when I started writing my first ambitious javascript application.

During this talk I'll cover

* What is so great about the url?
* So what happens when I click refresh?
* Prevent data loss when the user clicks the back button
* Do you need objects with rich relationships?
* How to bootstrap your application at runtime
* Sharing state between views/routes
* What about catastrophic javascript errors?
* What does $.ajax error handling look like?
* Where do you handle application wide navigation?
* How does jQuery fit into the picture today?
* Transactions -do we need them on the client?

[Toran Billups](https://twitter.com/toranb) builds REST services with python/django and rich javascript frontends with ember.js
