---
layout: default.html
date: March 11th 2014
time: 6:00 - 7:30 pm
location: The IMT Group 4445 Corporate Dr, West Des Moines, IA 50266
---
### First Topic * Demystifying the ember object model

Are you curious what this Ember.Object thing is all about? How similar is it to a traditional javascript object anyway? During this 15 minute talk I'll show how the basic ember object is put together and how to take advantage of its more classicial inheritance paradigm. All this and tests!

[Toran Billups](https://twitter.com/toranb) is a Software Engineer at IMT Computer Services. When he isn't pair programming on the greatest python team in the Midwest, you can find him evangelizing ember.js or teaching python to 5th graders.

Toran has been an active member of the Des Moines Python community for the past two years, where he frequently talks about testing and building modern web applications with Django. He also organizes the Des Moines JavaScript user group, where he encourages others to embrace their inner front-end engineer.

### Middle Topic * Intro to gulp

Here is a gentle introduction to Gulp and a brief comparison of Gulp and Grunt. A brief explanation of why all web developers should be using at least one of these two tools for all their projects.

[Brandon Williams](https://twitter.com/williamsbdev) is a programmer at IMT working in Python and JavaScript/CoffeeScript. He is passion about Test Driven Development and learning something new every day.

### Last Topic * Lets talk about real time web applications!  

In this 25 minute run down we will delve into the socket.io library and how you can get up and running with it in minutes.  The server / client relationship will be demystified, we will squash the optimistic rendering paradigm, and chances are you will be ready to implement your own chat room protocol that's on par with IRC.

Okay so maybe that may be a bit ambitious, but i've been playing with socket.io a lot lately and i'd like to share my experiences with my favorite community in Des Moines!

Who knows, you may even get some JS related stickers just for showing up!

[Joel Taddei](https://twitter.com/taddeimania) is primarily a Python and Javascript developer with a few years of experience under his belt.  He blows off steam in the evenings with a fine single malt scotch and his favorite hobby: game development.  He just welcomed the newest member of his family Logan James in early February so come pat him on the back, talk scotch, or tell him his games suck. Either way it'll be a good time.

Note - pizza will be provided @ 6pm
