---
layout: default
date: February 11th 2014
time: 6:00 - 7:30 pm
location: The IMT Group 4445 Corporate Dr, West Des Moines, IA 50266
---
### Intro Topic * Unit testing methods/modules in isolation with QUnit

Have you ever wanted to run a single unit test while you do test driven development in javascript? Are you using Karma and QUnit? During this talk I'll show how to add a plugin to the default karma test runner that lets you get fast feedback as you build your application test-first. This talk will be a basic intro to the plugin/karma/qunit and should be under 15 minutes.

[Jarrod Taylor](https://github.com/JarrodCTaylor) is a programmer with an interest in all things open source. He has spent the last seven years working in Des Moines at a variety of locations including Wells Fargo, Wellmark, and Aviva. Recently Jarrod has settled in as a senior programmer analyst with a small but talented bunch of developers at The IMT Group.

### Advanced Topic * IndexedDB Fundamentals

For this presentation, we will focus primarily on client-side usage of IndexedDB; specifically, a brief technical overview, then lots of “live coding” to show the syntax for CRUD operations on the client side as well as demonstrate the transactional system that is fundamental to IndexedDB.  We’ll look at the tools available in Chrome to help debug / analyze / manipulate data, and then finish up by a brief discussion of real-world use cases, as well as limitations of IndexedDB.

Nicholas Starke is a Haskell / JavaScript programmer who enjoys pushing the envelope with JS by working on weird things like using javascript in embedded systems and synthesizing audio signals in the browser to create music compositions. Oh, and “vi forever”.

Note - pizza will be provided @ 6pm
