---
layout: default
date: April 8th 2014
time: 6:00 - 7:30 pm
location: The IMT Group 4445 Corporate Dr, West Des Moines, IA 50266
---
### First Topic * Unit and Integration testing: better together

The biggest challenge adopting test driven development is knowing when to write a unit test and/or integration test as you write new features or fix production bugs. During this short talk I'll test drive adding a new feature using both unit and integration tests. The focus of this talk is the inner dialog I have along the way (asking myself when each type of test is valuable and why).

[Toran Billups](https://twitter.com/toranb) is a Software Engineer at IMT Computer Services. When he isn't pair programming on the greatest python team in the Midwest, you can find him evangelizing ember.js or teaching python to 5th graders.

Toran has been an active member of the Des Moines Python community for the past two years, where he frequently talks about testing and building modern web applications with Django. He also organizes the Des Moines JavaScript user group, where he encourages others to embrace their inner front-end engineer.

### Last Topic * Intro to Web Components

Web Components might not be ready for use yet, but they are ramping up to take over the world of front end development. In this talk, I'll go over the 5 building blocks that make up web components and try to tie them back to the technologies you are probably using today.

[Eric Ponto](https://twitter.com/ericponto) is a web developer at Principal Financial Group. His life pretty much revolves around the 3 Fs: family, football, and front-end development (not necessarily in that order, depending on the day). You can follow Eric on Twitter @EricPonto (or if you're a big Iowa Football fan, @FightForIowa)

Note - pizza will be provided @ 6pm
